a woman's scream pierces the chaos at
the Salah mosque in jabalia in Northern
Gaza following Israeli
shallow rescue teams rush to the
site several bodies are pulled from
under the rubble some are
alive but doctors can do nothing for
several children brought in confirming a
parent worst
nightmare
Salam mamosa jabalia was directly
targeted without warning children were
playing near the mosque as they normally
do suddenly the mosque was bombarded
killing people and injuring others this
is the enemy's Target
children death comes in many forms in
Gaza Palestinians are dying from
bombardment and from starvation their
desperation evident as they scoop up
what little a they can find amongst the
dirt we are collecting this food from
the ground we are unable to get a can of
sardines or anything Food Supplies is
not reaching us we are picking the beans
from the ground I have no idea how we
can get through Ramadan make them
deliver this stuff to where we
are the world food programs say WID
spread hunger is unnecessary but
Israel's blocking their aid convoys and
several countries dropping food into
Gaza cannot meet the needs on the ground
uh we have food enough to feed 2.2
million people just outside Gaza we just
need to make sure that we are able to
negotiate the access into the different
parts of Gaza North and the South to
make sure that the the trucks are able
to get it to the people uh the the air
drops will never be able to replace
[Music]
that she hugs her daughter fia's
lifeless body and sings you're a piece
of my heart it's a broken heart like so
many others in Gaza my clel I'll
Jer